Genesis 1: God creates heaven, earth, plants, animals and man
Genesis 2: Adam and Eve's Beginning in the garden of Eden
Genesis 3: Adam and Eve's sin and expulsion from the Garden
Genesis 4: Cain kills Abel; his curse and descendants
Genesis 5: Descendants from Adam to Noah
Genesis 6: God's Mercy on Noah in the midst of Man's Wickedness
Genesis 7: The Great Flood
Genesis 8: The Flood Subsides and the Ark Rests on Mount Ararat
Genesis 9: The Covenant of the Rainbow
Genesis 10: Descendants of Shem, Ham and Japheth
Genesis 11: Tower of Babel; Shem's Descendants to Abraham
Genesis 12: God Sends Abram to Egypt
Genesis 13: Abram and Lot Part Ways; Abram Promised Many Descendants
Genesis 14: Abram Rescues Lot and Receives a Blessing from Melchizedek
Genesis 15: God's Covenant with Abram
Genesis 16: Sarai, Hagar, and Ishmael
Genesis 17: The Covenant of Circumcision
Genesis 18: God Promises the birth of Isaac; Abram Pleads for Sodom
Genesis 19: The Destruction of Sodom; Lot's daughters give birth
Genesis 20: Abraham, Sarah and Abimelech
Genesis 21: Isaac Born; Hagar and Ishmael Sent Away; Treaty at Beersheba
Genesis 22: The Offering of Isaac; Nahor's sons
Genesis 23: Death and Burial of Sarah
Genesis 24: Isaac and Rebekah
Genesis 25: Abraham's Death; Ishmael, Jacob and Esau
Genesis 26: Isaac and Abimelech
Genesis 27: Jacob Gets Isaac's Blessing
Genesis 28: Jacob's Flight to Laban and Vision of a ladder
Genesis 29: Jacob Meets Rachel, Serves Laban, Marries Rachel and Leah
Genesis 30: Jacob and His Sons Prosper
Genesis 31: Jacob Leaves for Canaan; Laban Pursues
Genesis 32: Jacob Prepares to Meet Esau, Wrestles with God
Genesis 33: Jacob Meets Esau, Settles in Shechem
Genesis 34: Shechem Defiles Dinah and is Avenged by Jacob
Genesis 35: Jacob Returns to Bethel; Jacob Named Israel; Deaths of Rachel and Isaac
Genesis 36: Descendants of Esau; Kings of Edom
Genesis 37: Joseph's Dreams and Betrayal by His Brothers
Genesis 38: Judah and Tamar
Genesis 39: Joseph's Success; Potiphar's Wife; Joseph Imprisoned
Genesis 40: Joseph Interprets the Cupbearer and the Baker's Dreams
Genesis 41: Pharaoh's Dream; Joseph's Interpretation and Reward
Genesis 42: Joseph's Brothers Sent to Egypt, Simeon Detained
Genesis 43: The Return to Egypt with Benjamin
Genesis 44: Benjamin and the Silver Cup
Genesis 45: Joseph Makes Himself Known and Forgives His Brothers
Genesis 46: Jacob and His Family Move to Egypt
Genesis 47: Jacob to Goshen; Israelites Multiply; Joseph and the Famine
Genesis 48: Jacob's Illness; Manasseh and Ephraim
Genesis 49: Jacob's Blessing to His Sons; Jacob's Death
Genesis 50: Burial of Jacob; Death of Joseph
Exodus 1: Israelites Multiply; Oppression in Egypt
Exodus 2: Birth, Adoption and Escape of Moses
Exodus 3: Moses and the Burning Bush
Exodus 4: Miraculous Signs through Moses; Aaron as Mouthpiece; Moses Returns
Exodus 5: Pharaoh Rejects Moses' Plea and Increases the Israelites' Labor 
Exodus 6: God Promises to Deliver the Families of Israel
Exodus 7: Aaron's Staff; Plague of Blood
Exodus 8: Plagues of Frogs, Gnats and Flies
Exodus 9: Plagues of Livestock, Boils and Hail
Exodus 10: Plagues of Locusts and Darkness
Exodus 11: The Plague on the Firstborn
Exodus 12: Passover; Feast; Memorial; Pharaoh Urges Exodus
Exodus 13: Consecration of the Firstborn; God Leads the People out
Exodus 14: Pharaoh Pursues; The Red Sea is Parted
Exodus 15: Song of Moses and Miriam; The Lord Provides Water
Exodus 16: Manna, Quail and the Sabbath
Exodus 17: Water from the Rock; the Defeat of the Amalekites
Exodus 18: Jethro Visits and Counsels Moses
Exodus 19: Moses and the Lord at Mount Sinai
Exodus 20: The Ten Commandments
Exodus 21: Ordinances for Servants and Personal Injuries
Exodus 22: Property Rights and Social Laws
Exodus 23: Laws of Justice, Mercy, Sabbath, Annual Festivals, Conquest
Exodus 24: The People Affirm Their Covenant with God
Exodus 25: Tabernacle Offerings, Ark, Table, and Lampstand
Exodus 26: Instructions for the Tabernacle: Curtains, Boards and Veil
Exodus 27: Instructions for the Altar and Courtyard, Oil for the Lampstand
Exodus 28: Priestly Garments, Ephod, Breastpiece
Exodus 29: Consecration, Sacrifices, Food of the Priests
Exodus 30: Altar of Incense, Atonement Money, Basin, Anointing oil
Exodus 31: Craftsmen Bezaleel and Aholiah; the Sabbath Explained
Exodus 32: The Golden Calf and Moses' Anger
Exodus 33: Moses Resumes the Journey and Intercedes for the Israelites
Exodus 34: Tablets Replaced; Covenant Renewed; Radiant Face of Moses
Exodus 35: Sabbath Rules; Workmen and Gifts for the Tabernacle
Exodus 36: Bezalel and Oholiab; Gifts; Tabernacle Construction
Exodus 37: Ark, Table, Lampstand, Altar of Incense
Exodus 38: Altar of Burnt Offering, Basin, Courtyard Completed; Costs Totaled
Exodus 39: The Priestly Garments; Moses Inspects the Completed Work
Exodus 40: Tabernacle Erected and Filled by the Glory of the Lord
Leviticus 1: Burnt Offerings
Leviticus 2: Grain Offerings
Leviticus 3: Peace Offerings
Leviticus 4: Sin Offerings
Leviticus 5: Guilt Offerings
Leviticus 6: Regulations for Burnt, Grain and Sin Offerings
Leviticus 7: Regulations for Guilt and Fellowship Offerings; the Priests' Share
Leviticus 8: Aaron and His Sons Consecrated
Leviticus 9: Aaron Offers Sacrifices
Leviticus 10: The Sin and Death of Nadab and Abihu
Leviticus 11: Laws of Clean and Unclean Food
Leviticus 12: Purification after Childbirth
Leviticus 13: Rules for Skin Diseases, Mildew
Leviticus 14: Cleansing from Skin Diseases and Mildew
Leviticus 15: Cleansing Unhealthy Discharges
Leviticus 16: The Day of Atonement
Leviticus 17: Blood Designated for Atonement, Forbidden as Food
Leviticus 18: Laws on Sexual Relations
Leviticus 19: Idolatry Forbidden; Various Laws
Leviticus 20: Punishments for Sins
Leviticus 21: Regulations for Priests
Leviticus 22: Rules for Priests and Flawless Sacrifices
Leviticus 23: Feasts of Weeks, Trumpets, Tabernacles; Day of Atonement
Leviticus 24: Lamp and Bread; Blasphemer Stoned; Eye for Eye
Leviticus 25: The Sabbath Year and Year of Jubilee
Leviticus 26: Rewards and Punishments concerning Obedience
Leviticus 27: Rules concerning Valuations
Numbers 1: The Census of Israel Totals 603,550, Exempting Levites
Numbers 2: Arrangement of the Tribal Camps
Numbers 3: Levites Designated as Priests
Numbers 4: Duties of the Kohathites, Gershonites, Merahites
Numbers 5: Purity of the Camp; the Adultery Test
Numbers 6: The Vow of the Nazirite and the Priestly Blessing
Numbers 7: Offerings at the Tabernacle Dedication
Numbers 8: The Seven Lamps; Levites Set Apart; Retirement at Fifty
Numbers 9: The Passover and Cloud above the Tabernacle
Numbers 10: The Silver Trumpets; Israelites Leave Sinai
Numbers 11: Complaints of the People and Moses; Quail from the Lord; Plague
Numbers 12: Miriam and Aaron Complain against Moses
Numbers 13: The Twelve Spies Explore and Report on Canaan
Numbers 14: The People Rebel; Moses Pleads; Pardon and Rebuke
Numbers 15: More Offerings; Sabbath-Breaker Stoned; Tassels on Garments
Numbers 16: Rebellion of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram
Numbers 17: Aaron's Staff Buds
Numbers 18: Duties and Offerings for Priests 
Numbers 19: The Red Heifer and Water of Cleansing
Numbers 20: The Water of Meribah; Edom Denies Passage; Deaths of Miriam and Aaron
Numbers 21: Defeats of Arad, Sihon and Og; The Bronze Snake
Numbers 22: Balak Sends for Balaam; Balaam and the Angel
Numbers 23: The Prophecies of Balaam
Numbers 24: The Prophecy from Peor
Numbers 25: Israelites Sin in Moab; Phinehas Intervenes
Numbers 26: The Second Census Totals 601,730
Numbers 27: The Daughters of Zelophehad; Joshua to Succeed Moses
Numbers 28: Daily, Sabbath and Monthly Offerings; Passover and Feast of Weeks
Numbers 29: Offerings of the Seventh Month
Numbers 30: The Law of Vows
Numbers 31: The Slaughter of the Midianites and Division of the Spoils
Numbers 32: Reubenites and Gadites Settle in Gilead
Numbers 33: Summary of Israel's Journey
Numbers 34: Borders of Canaan
Numbers 35: Designation of Cities for the Levites and Refuge
Numbers 36: Zelophehad's Daughters Marry
Deuteronomy 1: Summary of Israel's History: from Horeb to Spies in Canaan
Deuteronomy 2: Summary of Wanderings in the Desert
Deuteronomy 3: Defeat and Division of Og; Moses Forbidden from Crossing the Jordan
Deuteronomy 4: Israel Urged to Obey; Idolatry Forbidden
Deuteronomy 5: Covenant in Horeb; Ten Commandments Recounted
Deuteronomy 6: Exhortation to Obedience and Prosperity
Deuteronomy 7: Warnings and Rewards for Driving out Nations
Deuteronomy 8: God's Mercy
Deuteronomy 9: Reminders of God's Grace; The Golden Calf
Deuteronomy 10: Rewriting of Stone Tablets Recalled
Deuteronomy 11: God's Great Blessings for Obedience and Love
Deuteronomy 12: Laws of the Sanctuary
Deuteronomy 13: No Mercy for Idolaters
Deuteronomy 14: Eating Only Clean Animals; Tithes
Deuteronomy 15: The Seventh Year: Debts to be Cancelled, Servants Freed
Deuteronomy 16: The Feasts of Passover, Weeks and Tabernacles
Deuteronomy 17: Appointment of Judges, Courts and Kings
Deuteronomy 18: Offerings for Priests; Spells and Mediums Forbidden
Deuteronomy 19: Cities of Refuge; More than One Witness Required
Deuteronomy 20: Laws of Warfare
Deuteronomy 21: Atonement for a Murder; Family Relations
Deuteronomy 22: Additional Laws, Morality, Marriage
Deuteronomy 23: List of Those Excluded from the Assembly
Deuteronomy 24: Law of Divorce, Leprosy, Justice and Charity
Deuteronomy 25: Laws of Stripes, Oxen, Seed, Modesty, Weights and Measures
Deuteronomy 26: Offering First Fruits and Tithes
Deuteronomy 27: The Altar and Curses on Mount Ebal
Deuteronomy 28: Blessings and Consequences regarding Obedience
Deuteronomy 29: The Covenant Renewed in Moab
Deuteronomy 30: Restoration Promised; Life Offered
Deuteronomy 31: Moses Encourages the People; Joshua Is Commissioned
Deuteronomy 32: The Song of Moses
Deuteronomy 33: Moses Blesses the Twelve Tribes
Deuteronomy 34: The Death of Moses on Mount Nebo
Joshua 1: God Commissions Joshua
Joshua 2: Rahab Welcomes the Spies
Joshua 3: Israel Crosses the Jordan
Joshua 4: Twelve Men Take Memorial Stones from the Jordan
Joshua 5: Israelites Circumcised at Gilgal
Joshua 6: The Walls of Jericho Fall
Joshua 7: Israelites Defeated at Ai; Achan Sins
Joshua 8: Joshua Conquers Ai; Covenant Renewed
Joshua 9: Kings west of Jordan Join against Israel; Gibeonites' Deception and Servitude
Joshua 10: Kings Attack Gibeon; Sun Stands Still; Joshua Conquers Five Amorite Kings and S. Palestine
Joshua 11: Northern Palestine Defeated
Joshua 12: List of Defeated Kings
Joshua 13: Canaan Divided among the Tribes
Joshua 14: Land West of Jordan Divided; Caleb given Hebron
Joshua 15: Territory of Judah Allotted
Joshua 16: Territory of Ephraim Allotted
Joshua 17: Territory of Manasseh Allotted
Joshua 18: Remainder Divided; The Territory of Benjamin Allotted
Joshua 19: Allotments for Simeon, Zebulun, Issachar, Asher, Naphtali, Dan, Joshua
Joshua 20: Six Cities of Refuge Designated
Joshua 21: Forty-eight Cities Designated for the Levites
Joshua 22: Tribes beyond Jordan Return, Build an Offensive Altar
Joshua 23: Joshua's Farewell Address
Joshua 24: Joshua's Summary of Israel's History; Joshua's Death
Judges 1: Israelites Capture Jerusalem, Hebron, Others
Judges 2: Israel Rebuked and Defeated
Judges 3: Israel's idolatry and Servitude; Deliverance by Othniel, Ehud and Shamgar
Judges 4: Deborah and Barak Deliver the People from the Canaanites
Judges 5: The Song of Deborah and Barak
Judges 6: Oppression by Midian; Gideon Chosen; Destruction of Altar of Baal; Fleece
Judges 7: Gideon Uses 300 Chosen Men to Defeat the Midianites
Judges 8: Zebah and Zalmunna Taken; Gideon's Ephod and Death; 40 years of Peace
Judges 9: Abimelech Conspires to Become King, Falls after 3 Years; Shechem; Abimelech
Judges 10: Tola; Jair; Jephthah; Philistines and Ammonites Oppress Israel
Judges 11: Jephthah's Covenant with the Gileadites
Judges 12: Jephthah, Ephraim, Ibzan, Elon, Abdon
Judges 13: Israel Oppressed by the Philistines; Samson Is Born
Judges 14: Samson's Marriage and Riddle
Judges 15: Samson Burns the Philistine Crops
Judges 16: Samson and Delilah; Samson's Capture and Death
Judges 17: Micah's Idolatry
Judges 18: Danites Settle in Laish, Take Micah's Idols
Judges 19: A Levite's Concubine Degraded
Judges 20: Israelites Defeat the Benjamites
Judges 21: Wives for the Benjamites
Ruth 1: Naomi and Ruth
Ruth 2: Ruth Gleans in the Field of Boaz
Ruth 3: Naomi's Instruction to Ruth; Boaz Accepts Ruth
Ruth 4: Boaz Marries Ruth and Begins the Line of David
1 Samuel 1: Samuel Is Born to Hannah and Elkanah
1 Samuel 2: Hannah's Prayer; Eli's Sons; Samuel's Childhood
1 Samuel 3: Samuel's Vision of the Fall of Eli's House
1 Samuel 4: Philistines Take the Ark; Death of Eli
1 Samuel 5: Philistines Smitten while Possessing the Ark
1 Samuel 6: Philistines Return the Ark to Israel
1 Samuel 7: Samuel Subdues the Philistines
1 Samuel 8: Israelites Disregard Samuel's Warning and Demand a King
1 Samuel 9: Saul Anointed by Samuel
1 Samuel 10: Saul becomes King
1 Samuel 11: Saul Rescues Jabesh from the Ammonites; Saul Confirmed as King
1 Samuel 12: Samuel testifies to Israel; God sends Thunder and Israel Repents
1 Samuel 13: War with the Philistines
1 Samuel 14: Jonathan's Miraculous Victory; Saul's Foolish Order; Jonathan Disobeys
1 Samuel 15: Saul's Disobedience and Samuel's Rebuke
1 Samuel 16: Samuel Goes to Bethlehem and Anoints David
1 Samuel 17: David and Goliath
1 Samuel 18: Jonathan's Friendship with David; Saul's Jealousy
1 Samuel 19: David Protected from Saul
1 Samuel 20: David and Jonathan's Covenant
1 Samuel 21: David Takes the Consecrated Bread
1 Samuel 22: Saul Slays the Priests of Nob
1 Samuel 23: David Saves Keilah, Flees from Saul
1 Samuel 24: David Spares Saul's Life
1 Samuel 25: Samuel Dies; David Marries Abigail
1 Samuel 26: David Spares Saul a Second Time
1 Samuel 27: David Flees to the Philistines
1 Samuel 28: Saul and the Witch of Endor
1 Samuel 29: Achish Sends David Away
1 Samuel 30: David Destroys the Amalekites and Divides the Spoils
1 Samuel 31: Saul and His Sons Killed
2 Samuel 1: David Informed, Mourns for Saul and Jonathan
2 Samuel 2: David Made King over Judah; Ish-Bosheth Rules over Israel
2 Samuel 3: House of David Strengthened; Joab murders Abner
2 Samuel 4: The Murder of Ish-bosheth
2 Samuel 5: David Becomes King over All Israel, Defeats the Philistines
2 Samuel 6: The Ark Is Brought to Jerusalem
2 Samuel 7: David Plans a Temple; David's Prayer
2 Samuel 8: David Defeats the Philistines, Moabites, Syrians
2 Samuel 9: David by Ziba Sends for Mephibosheth
2 Samuel 10: David Defeats Ammon and Aram
2 Samuel 11: David and Bathsheba
2 Samuel 12: Nathan Rebukes David; Solomon Born
2 Samuel 13: Amnon and Tamar; Amnom Killed by Absalom
2 Samuel 14: The Widow of Tekoa; Absalom Recalled
2 Samuel 15: Absalom's Conspiracy; David Flees Jerusalem
2 Samuel 16: David and Ziba; Shimei Curses David; Absalom Enters Jerusalem
2 Samuel 17: Hushai's Warning Saves David
2 Samuel 18: Absalom Slain by Joab; David Mourns
2 Samuel 19: Joab Causes David to Cease His Mourning; David Restored
2 Samuel 20: Sheba Rebels; Joab Kills Amasa; Revolt Ended
2 Samuel 21: The Gibeonites Avenged; Battles with the Philistines
2 Samuel 22: David's Song of Deliverance
2 Samuel 23: David's Last Song
2 Samuel 24: The Census Taken; David Builds an Altar
1 Kings 1: David in Old Age Anoints Solomon as King
1 Kings 2: David's Charge to Solomon; David's Death
1 Kings 3: Solomon Asks for Wisdom
1 Kings 4: Solomon's Officials, Daily Provision, and Wisdom
1 Kings 5: Preparations for the Temple
1 Kings 6: The Building of Solomon's Temple
1 Kings 7: The Building of Solomon's Palace
1 Kings 8: Ark Brought to the Temple; Solomon's Prayer of Dedication
1 Kings 9: God's covenant with Solomon; Solomon's works
1 Kings 10: The Queen of Sheba Visits Solomon
1 Kings 11: Solomon's Wives Draw Him to Idolatry; Solomon's Death
1 Kings 12: Israelites Rebel against Rehoboam; Kingdom Divided; Jeroboam begins Idol Worship
1 Kings 13: Jeroboam's Hand Withered and Restored; Prophet Reproved
1 Kings 14: Ahijah's Prophecies against Jeroboam; Rehoboam's Wicked Reign
1 Kings 15: Kings of Judah: Abijam, Asa, Jehoshaphat; Israel: Nadab, Baasha
1 Kings 16: Jehu's Prophecy; Kings of Israel: Baasha, Elah, Zimri, Omri, Ahab
1 Kings 17: Elijah Prays for drought, Fed by Ravens; The Widow at Zarephath
1 Kings 18: Elijah and Baal's Prophets on Mount Carmel; Elijah's Prayer
1 Kings 19: Elijah Flees Jezebel; Elisha Called
1 Kings 20: Ben-Hadad Attacks Samaria, Defeated by Ahab; Ahab Condemned
1 Kings 21: Ahab Takes Naboth's Vineyard Due to Jezebel's Plot
1 Kings 22: Ahab Warned by Micaiah, Slain at Ramoth Gilead; Jehoshaphat King of Judah; Ahaziah King of Israel
2 Kings 1: Moab Rebels; Ahaziah Judged by Elijah and Succeeded by Jehoram
2 Kings 2: Elijah Taken to Heaven and Succeeded by Elisha
2 Kings 3: Jehoram Meets Moab's Rebellion
2 Kings 4: The Widow's Oil; The Shunammite Woman's son rasied; Stew and Bread Feed Many
2 Kings 5: Naaman Cured of Leprosy; Gehazi Smitten
2 Kings 6: Elisha Causes the Axhead to Float; Arameans Blinded; Samaria Besieged
2 Kings 7: Elisha Promises Plenty in Samaria; Siege Lifted
2 Kings 8: The Shunammite's Land; Hazael Kills Ben-Hadad; Jehoram and Ahaziah Kings of Judah
2 Kings 9: Jehu Reigns in Israel; Murders of Joram, Ahaziah, Jezebel
2 Kings 10: Ahab's Family Killed; Baal Worshipers killed; Jehoahaz succeeds Jehu
2 Kings 11: Athaliah Queen of Judah
2 Kings 12: Joash Reigns over Judah, Repairs the Temple
2 Kings 13: Jehoahaz, Jehoash, Kings of Israel; Elisha Dies
2 Kings 14: Amaziah and Jeroboam II Kings of Judah
2 Kings 15: Azariah, Jotham Kings of Judah; Zechariah, Shallum, Menahem, Pekahiah, Pekah Kings of Israel
2 Kings 16: Ahaz Ruler over Judah; Damascus Falls; Ahaz Succeeded by Hezekiah
2 Kings 17: Hoshea Last King of Israel; Northern Tribes Led into Captivity
2 Kings 18: Hezekiah Rules over Judah, Destroys Idolatry
2 Kings 19: Isaiah Foretells Jerusalem's Deliverance; Hezekiah's Prayer and God's Answer
2 Kings 20: Hezekiah's Life Lengthened, Shows Treasures to Babylon
2 Kings 21: Manasseh's and Amon's Wicked Reigns
2 Kings 22: Josiah's Good Reign; Repair of the Temple; Finding the Lost Book of the Law
2 Kings 23: Josiah Renews the Covenant and Passover; Jehoahaz and Jehoiakim Follow
2 Kings 24: Jehoiakim; Deportation to Babylon; Jehoiachin; Zedekiah
2 Kings 25: Nebuchadnezzar's Siege, Burning and Plunder of Jerusalem; Jehoiachin's Release
1 Chronicles 1: Genealogy from Adam to Abraham; Abraham's Descendants
1 Chronicles 2: Genealogy from Jacob to David
1 Chronicles 3: Family of David and Kings of Judah
1 Chronicles 4: Descendants of Judah and of Simeon
1 Chronicles 5: Descendants of Reuben, Gad, Half-Tribe of Manasseh
1 Chronicles 6: Descendants of Levi; The Temple Musicians
1 Chronicles 7: Descendants from Issachar, Benjamin, Naphtali, Manasseh, Ephraim, Asher
1 Chronicles 8: Genealogy from Benjamin to Saul
1 Chronicles 9: People of Israel; Judah's Genealogies; Saul's Family Line
1 Chronicles 10: Saul's Overthrow and Defeat
1 Chronicles 11: David Reigns over All Israel; Conquers Jerusalem with His Mighty Men
1 Chronicles 12: David's Supporters at Ziklag and Hebron
1 Chronicles 13: Bringing Back the Ark
1 Chronicles 14: David's Family Grows, Defeat of the Philistines
1 Chronicles 15: The Ark Brought to Jerusalem
1 Chronicles 16: A Tent for the Ark; David's Psalm of Thanks
1 Chronicles 17: God's Promise and David's Prayer in Response
1 Chronicles 18: David Strengthens His Kingdom
1 Chronicles 19: The Battle against Ammon and Aram
1 Chronicles 20: Rabbah's Capture; War with the Philistines
1 Chronicles 21: David Incited by Satan, Forces a Census
1 Chronicles 22: David Prepares for Temple Building, Appoints Solomon
1 Chronicles 23: Solomon Reigns; Levites, Gershonites, Kohathites, Merarites
1 Chronicles 24: Divisions of Levites into 24 Orders
1 Chronicles 25: Numbers and Divisions of Musicians
1 Chronicles 26: Divisions of the Gatekeepers, Treasurers and Other Officials
1 Chronicles 27: Army Commanders, Tribal Officers, Overseers, and Counselors
1 Chronicles 28: David's Assembly about the Temple
1 Chronicles 29: Gifts for the Temple; David's Prayer and Death; Solomon King
2 Chronicles 1: Solomon's Prayer for Wisdom at Gibeon
2 Chronicles 2: Solomon Prepares to Build a Temple and Palace
2 Chronicles 3: Solomon Builds The Temple
2 Chronicles 4: Temple Furnishings
2 Chronicles 5: Ark Brought into the Temple; God's Glory
2 Chronicles 6: Solomon's Prayer of Temple Dedication
2 Chronicles 7: Fire from Heaven; Glory in the Temple; Feast of Dedication; God's Promise
2 Chronicles 8: Solomon's Additional Accomplishments
2 Chronicles 9: Visit of the Queen of Sheba; Solomon's Splendor and Death
2 Chronicles 10: Israelites Rebel against Rehoboam
2 Chronicles 11: Rehoboam's Reign over Judah; Rehoboam's Family
2 Chronicles 12: Rehoboam Punished, Shishak Plunders Judah
2 Chronicles 13: Abijah succeeds Rehoboam; Civil War against Jeroboam
2 Chronicles 14: Asa Becomes King of Judah, Destroys Idolatry
2 Chronicles 15: Azariah Warns Asa; Asa's Reforms
2 Chronicles 16: Asa diverts Baasha from Building Ramah, Imprisons Hanani the Prophet
2 Chronicles 17: Jehoshaphat Succeeds Asa, Reigns Well and Prospers
2 Chronicles 18: Jehoshaphat Allies with Ahab; Micaiah Prophesies against Ahab; Ahab Defeated
2 Chronicles 19: Jehu Rebukes Jehoshaphat; Jehoshaphat Appoints Judges
2 Chronicles 20: Jehoshaphat Defeats Moab and Ammon; His Prayer and Return to Jerusalem
2 Chronicles 21: Jehoshaphat's Death; Jehoram's Wicked Reign in Judah; Edom Rebels
2 Chronicles 22: Ahaziah Succeeds Jehoram in Judah, Reigns Wickedly; Athaliah and Joash
2 Chronicles 23: Jehoiada Makes Joash King; Athaliah Slain; Worship of God Restored
2 Chronicles 24: Joash Repairs the Temple; Idolatrous Reign of Joash; Aram Defeats Judah
2 Chronicles 25: Amaziah Succeeds Joash in Judah, Defeated by Jehoash King of Israel
2 Chronicles 26: Uzziah Follows in Judah, Prospers, Undone by Pride
2 Chronicles 27: Jotham Succeeds Uzziah in Judah
2 Chronicles 28: Ahaz Follows Jotham in Judah, Compromises with Assyria
2 Chronicles 29: Hezekiah's Good Reign; Temple Worship Restored
2 Chronicles 30: Hezekiah Invites All Israel to the Passover
2 Chronicles 31: Idolatry Destroyed; Contributions for Worship
2 Chronicles 32: Sennacherib Threatens Jerusalem; Hezekiah's Prayer Answered
2 Chronicles 33: Manasseh's Wicked Reign in Judah; Ammon follows
2 Chronicles 34: Josiah's Good Reign; Temple Repairs; Hilkiah recovers the Book of the Law
2 Chronicles 35: Josiah Observes the Passover, Later Dies in Battle
2 Chronicles 36: Jehoahaz; Jehoiakim; Jehoiachin; Zedekiah; Captivity in Babylon; Cyrus Permits Return
Ezra 1: Cyrus Returns the Exiles, Restores the Vessels of the Temple
Ezra 2: Listing of the Exiles Who Returned
Ezra 3: Altar and Sacrifices Restored; Temple Work Begun
Ezra 4: Adversaries Hinder Work; Artaxerxes Orders Work Stopped
Ezra 5: Tattenai's Letter to Darius
Ezra 6: Decree of Darius; Temple Work Resumed; Dedication of the Temple; Passover Observed
Ezra 7: Ezra Journeys to Jerusalem, Commissed by Artaxerxes
Ezra 8: The Companions of Ezra; Treasure Delivered to the Temple
Ezra 9: Ezra's Prayer About Intermarriage
Ezra 10: The People Confess; Listing of Those Guilty of Intermarriage
Nehemiah 1: Nehemiah's Prayer for the Exiles
Nehemiah 2: Artaxerxes Sends Nehemiah to Jerusalem to Inspect Jerusalem's Walls
Nehemiah 3: Builders of the Walls Named
Nehemiah 4: Work on Walls Is Ridiculed; Opposition Overcome
Nehemiah 5: Nehemiah Abolishes Debt, Mortgage, and Bondage
Nehemiah 6: Sanballat's Plot; Completion of the Wall
Nehemiah 7: Census of Returned Exiles
Nehemiah 8: Ezra Reads the Law, Restores the Feast of Tabernacles
Nehemiah 9: The Israelites Confess Their Sin, Covenant Results
Nehemiah 10: Signers and Obligations of the Covenant
Nehemiah 11: New Residents of Jerusalem and Judah
Nehemiah 12: Priests and Levites Who Returned; Dedication of the Wall
Nehemiah 13: Foreigners Excluded; Tobiah Expelled; Tithes and Sabbath Restored
Esther 1: The Banquets of Xerxes; Queen Vashti Deposed
Esther 2: Esther Becomes Queen; Mordecai Thwarts a Conspiracy
Esther 3: Haman Seeks Revenge on the Jews
Esther 4: Mordecai Informs Esther of Haman's Plot
Esther 5: Esther Prepares a Banquet; Haman's Rage
Esther 6: The King Honors Mordecai, Haman Compelled to do so
Esther 7: Esther Accuses Haman; Haman Is Hanged
Esther 8: Mordecai is advanced; Xerxes allows the Jews to Defend Themselves
Esther 9: The Jews Slay Their Enemies; Purim Instituted
Esther 10: Xerxes' Tribute to Mordecai
Job 1: Job's Holiness; Satan's First Test: Loss of His Children and Goods
Job 2: Job's Second Test: Job Loses His Health
Job 3: Job's Lament
Job 4: Eliphaz Reproves Job
Job 5: Eliphaz Shows that God Is Just
Job 6: Job's Reproves His Friends of Their Unkindness
Job 7: Job Declares His Life Seems Futile
Job 8: Bildad Shows God's Justice to the Good
Job 9: Job Acknowledges God's Justice
Job 10: Job Complains to God, Craves a Little Ease Before Death
Job 11: Zophar Rebukes Job for Justifying Himself; God's Wisdom Is Unsearchable
Job 12: Job Maintains Himself against His Friends; Acknowledges God's Omnipotence
Job 13: Job Reproves His Friends for Partiality, Professes Confidence in God's Purpose
Job 14: Job Asks God for Favor Because of the Shortness of Life
Job 15: Eliphaz Reproves Job for Justifying Himself; Declares the Wickedness of Men
Job 16: Job Reproves His Friends for Their Unmerciful Outlook; Maintains His Innocence
Job 17: Job Appeals from Men to God
Job 18: Bildad Reproves Job for Presumption and Impatience
Job 19: Job Feels Insulted, Craves Pity, Believes the Resurrection
Job 20: Zophar Declares the Triumph of the Wicked Is Brief
Job 21: Job Says God Will Deal with the Wicked
Job 22: Eliphaz Accuses and Exhorts Job to Repentance
Job 23: Job Longs to Appear before God
Job 24: Wickedness is Often Unpunished, but there is a Secret Judgment for the Wicked
Job 25: Bildad Says that Man Cannot be Justified before God
Job 26: Job Declares the Greatness of God
Job 27: Job Affirms His Own Righteousness; The wicked Will be Cursed
Job 28: Wisdom Is Harder to Obtain than Earth's Treasures
Job 29: Job Bemoans His Former Prosperity
Job 30: Job's Present State Is Humiliating
Job 31: Job Asserts His Integrity
Job 32: Elihu Rebukes Job and His Three Friends
Job 33: Elihu Declares God Calls Man to Repentance by Visions and Afflictions
Job 34: Elihu Accuses Job for Charging God with Injustice
Job 35: Many Cry in Affliction, But Are Not Heard for Lack of Faith
Job 36: Elihu Shows How Job's Sins Hinder God's Blessings
Job 37: Elihu Says God is to be Feared Because of His Great Works
Job 38: God, Speaks, Convinces Job of Ignorance
Job 39: God Speaks of His Creation
Job 40: Job Humbles Himself to God
Job 41: God's Power Shown in Creatures
Job 42: Job Confesses; God Makes His Friends Submit; God Blesses Job
Psalms 1: BOOK 1: Blessed is the man who doesn't walk in the counsel of the wicked
Psalms 2: Why do the nations rage, and the peoples plot a vain thing?
Psalms 3: O Lord, how my adversaries have increased!
Psalms 4: Answer me when I call, God of my righteousness.
Psalms 5: Give ear to my words, O Lord. Consider my meditation.
Psalms 6: O Lord, don't rebuke me in your anger
Psalms 7: O Lord, my God, I take refuge in you
Psalms 8: O Lord, our Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth
Psalms 9: I will give thanks to the Lord with my whole heart
Psalms 10: Why do you stand far off, O Lord?
Psalms 11: In the Lord I take refuge
Psalms 12: Help, O Lord; for the godly man ceases
Psalms 13: How long, O Lord? Will you forget me forever?
Psalms 14: The fool has said in his heart, "There is no God."
Psalms 15: O Lord, who shall dwell in your sanctuary?
Psalms 16: Preserve me, God, for in you do I take refuge.
Psalms 17: Hear, O Lord, my righteous plea; Give ear to my prayer
Psalms 18: I love you, O Lord, my strength.
Psalms 19: The heavens declare the glory of God. The expanse shows his handiwork.
Psalms 20: May the Lord answer you in the day of trouble.
Psalms 21: The king rejoices in your strength, O Lord!
Psalms 22: My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?
Psalms 23: The Lord is my shepherd: I shall lack nothing.
Psalms 24: The earth is the Lord's, with its fullness
Psalms 25: To you, O Lord, do I lift up my soul.
Psalms 26: Judge me, O Lord, for I have walked in my integrity.
Psalms 27: The Lord is my light and my salvation. Whom shall I fear?
Psalms 28: To you, O Lord, I call. My rock, don't be deaf to me
Psalms 29: Ascribe to the Lord, you sons of the mighty
Psalms 30: I will extol you, O Lord, for you have raised me up
Psalms 31: In you, O Lord, I take refuge. Let me never be disappointed.
Psalms 32: Blessed is he whose disobedience is forgiven, whose sin is covered.
Psalms 33: Rejoice in the Lord, you righteous! Praise is fitting for the upright.
Psalms 34: I will bless the Lord at all times. His praise will always be in my mouth.
Psalms 35: Contend, O Lord, with those who contend with me.
Psalms 36: There is no fear of God before his eyes.
Psalms 37: Don't fret because of evildoers
Psalms 38: O Lord, don't rebuke me in your wrath
Psalms 39: I will watch my ways, so that I don't sin with my tongue.
Psalms 40: I waited patiently for the Lord. He turned to me, and heard my cry.
Psalms 41: Blessed is he who considers the poor. The Lord will deliver him.
Psalms 42: BOOK 2: As the deer pants for the water brooks, so my soul pants after you, God.
Psalms 43: Vindicate me, God, and plead my cause against an ungodly nation.
Psalms 44: We have heard with our ears, God; our fathers have told us
Psalms 45: My heart overflows with a noble theme
Psalms 46: God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.
Psalms 47: Oh clap your hands, all you nations. Shout to God with the voice of triumph!
Psalms 48: Great is the Lord, and greatly to be praised
Psalms 49: Hear this, all you peoples. Listen, all you inhabitants of the world,
Psalms 50: The Mighty One calls the earth from sunrise to sunset.
Psalms 51: Have mercy on me, God, according to your loving kindness.
Psalms 52: Why do you boast of mischief, mighty man?
Psalms 53: The fool has said in his heart, "There is no God."
Psalms 54: Save me, God, by your name. Vindicate me in your might.
Psalms 55: Listen to my prayer, God. Don't hide yourself from my supplication.
Psalms 56: Be merciful to me, God, for man wants to swallow me up.
Psalms 57: Be merciful to me, God, be merciful to me, for my soul takes refuge in you.
Psalms 58: Do you indeed speak righteousness, silent ones?
Psalms 59: Deliver me from my enemies, my God.
Psalms 60: God, you have rejected us. You have broken us down.
Psalms 61: Hear my cry, God. Listen to my prayer.
Psalms 62: My soul rests in God alone. My salvation is from him.
Psalms 63: God, you are my God. I will earnestly seek you.
Psalms 64: Hear my voice, God, in my complaint.
Psalms 65: Praise waits for you, God, in Zion. To you shall vows be performed.
Psalms 66: Make a joyful shout to God, all the earth!
Psalms 67: May God be merciful to us, bless us, and cause his face to shine on us.
Psalms 68: Let God arise! Let his enemies be scattered!
Psalms 69: Save me, God, for the waters have come up to my neck!
Psalms 70: Hurry, God, to deliver me. Come quickly to help me, O Lord.
Psalms 71: In you, O Lord, I take refuge. Never let me be disappointed.
Psalms 72: God, give the king your justice; your righteousness to the royal son.
Psalms 73: BOOK 3: Surely God is good to Israel, to those who are pure in heart.
Psalms 74: God, why have you rejected us forever?
Psalms 75: We give thanks to you, God. We give thanks, for your Name is near.
Psalms 76: In Judah, God is known. His name is great in Israel.
Psalms 77: My cry goes to God! Indeed, I cry to God for help
Psalms 78: Hear my teaching, my people. Turn your ears to the words of my mouth.
Psalms 79: They have defiled your holy temple. They have laid Jerusalem in heaps.
Psalms 80: Hear us, Shepherd of Israel, you who lead Joseph like a flock
Psalms 81: Sing aloud to God, our strength! Make a joyful shout to the God of Jacob!
Psalms 82: God presides in the great assembly. He judges among the gods.
Psalms 83: God, don't keep silent. Don't keep silent, and don't be still, God.
Psalms 84: How lovely are your dwellings, O Lord Almighty!
Psalms 85: O Lord, you have been favorable to your land.
Psalms 86: Hear, O Lord, and answer me, for I am poor and needy.
Psalms 87: His foundation is in the holy mountains.
Psalms 88: O Lord, the God of my salvation, I have cried day and night before you.
Psalms 89: I will sing of the loving kindness of the Lord forever.
Psalms 90: BOOK 4: Lord, you have been our dwelling place for all generations.
Psalms 91: He who dwells in the secret place of the Most High
Psalms 92: It is a good thing to give thanks to the Lord
Psalms 93: The Lord reigns! He is clothed with majesty!
Psalms 94: O Lord, you God to whom vengeance belongs, shine forth.
Psalms 95: Oh come, let's sing to the Lord. Let's shout aloud to the rock of our salvation!
Psalms 96: Sing to the Lord a new song! Sing to O Lord, all the earth.
Psalms 97: The Lord reigns! Let the earth rejoice! Let the multitude of islands be glad!
Psalms 98: Sing to the Lord a new song, for he has done marvelous things!
Psalms 99: The Lord reigns! Let the peoples tremble.
Psalms 100: Shout for joy to the Lord, all you lands!
Psalms 101: I will sing of loving kindness and justice.
Psalms 102: Hear my prayer, O Lord! Let my cry come to you.
Psalms 103: Praise the Lord, my soul! All that is within me, praise his holy name!
Psalms 104: Bless the Lord, my soul. O Lord, my God, you are very great.
Psalms 105: Give thanks to the Lord! Call on his name!
Psalms 106: Praise the Lord! Give thanks to O Lord, for he is good
Psalms 107: BOOK 5: Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good; his loving kindness endures forever.
Psalms 108: My heart is steadfast, God. I will sing and I will make music with my soul.
Psalms 109: God of my praise, don't remain silent
Psalms 110: The Lord says to my Lord, "Sit at my right hand
Psalms 111: I will give thanks to the Lord with my whole heart
Psalms 112: Blessed is the man who fears the Lord
Psalms 113: Praise, you servants of the Lord, praise the name of the Lord.
Psalms 114: When Israel went forth out of Egypt
Psalms 115: Not to us, O Lord, not to us, but to your name give glory
Psalms 116: I love the Lord, because he listens to my voice, and my cries for mercy.
Psalms 117: Praise the Lord, all you nations! Extol him, all you peoples!
Psalms 118: Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good; his loving kindness endures forever.
Psalms 119: Blessed are those whose ways are blameless
Psalms 120: In my distress, I cried to the Lord. He answered me.
Psalms 121: I will lift up my eyes to the hills. Where does my help come from?
Psalms 122: I was glad when they said to me, "Let's go to the Lord's house!"
Psalms 123: To you I do lift up my eyes, you who sit in the heavens.
Psalms 124: If it had not been the Lord who was on our side, let Israel now say,
Psalms 125: Those who trust in the Lord are as Mount Zion, which can't be moved
Psalms 126: When the Lord brought back those who returned to Zion
Psalms 127: Unless the Lord builds the house, they labor in vain who build it.
Psalms 128: Blessed is everyone who fears the Lord, who walks in his ways.
Psalms 129: Many times they have afflicted me from my youth up.
Psalms 130: Out of the depths I have cried to you, O Lord.
Psalms 131: O Lord, my heart isn't haughty, nor my eyes lofty
Psalms 132: O Lord, remember David and all his affliction,
Psalms 133: See how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to live together in unity!
Psalms 134: Look! Praise the Lord, all you servants of the Lord
Psalms 135: Praise the name of the Lord! Praise him, you servants of the Lord
Psalms 136: Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good; his loving kindness endures forever.
Psalms 137: By the rivers of Babylon we sat down, wept, remembered Zion.
Psalms 138: I will give you thanks with my whole heart.
Psalms 139: O Lord, you have searched me, and you know me.
Psalms 140: Deliver me, O Lord, from the evil man. Preserve me from the violent man;
Psalms 141: O Lord, I have called on you. Come to me quickly!
Psalms 142: I cry with my voice to the Lord. With my voice, I ask the Lord for mercy.
Psalms 143: Hear my prayer, O Lord. Listen to my petitions.
Psalms 144: Blessed be the Lord, my rock, who teaches my hands to war
Psalms 145: I will exalt you, my God, the King. I will praise your name forever and ever.
Psalms 146: Praise the Lord, my soul.
Psalms 147: It is good to sing praises to our God
Psalms 148: Praise the Lord from the heavens! Praise him in the heights!
Psalms 149: Sing to the Lord a new song, his praise in the assembly of the saints.
Psalms 150: Praise God in his sanctuary! Praise him in his heavens for his acts of power!
Proverbs 1: The proverbs of Solomon, the son of David, king of Israel:
Proverbs 2: Receive my words, and store up my commandments within you;
Proverbs 3: Don't forget my teaching; but let your heart keep my commandments:
Proverbs 4: Listen, sons, to a father's instruction
Proverbs 5: My son, pay attention to my wisdom
Proverbs 6: If you have struck your hands in pledge for a stranger;
Proverbs 7: Warning Against the Adulteress
Proverbs 8: Doesn't wisdom cry out? Doesn't understanding raise her voice?
Proverbs 9: Wisdom has built her house. She has carved out her seven pillars.
Proverbs 10: A wise son makes a glad father; but a foolish son brings grief to his mother.
Proverbs 11: A false balance is an abomination to the Lord
Proverbs 12: Whoever loves correction loves knowledge; he who hates reproof is stupid.
Proverbs 13: A wise son listens to his father's instruction, but a scoffer doesn't listen
Proverbs 14: Every wise woman builds her house, but the foolish one tears it down
Proverbs 15: A gentle answer turns away wrath, but a harsh word stirs up anger.
Proverbs 16: The plans of the heart belong to man; Answer of the tongue is from the Lord.
Proverbs 17: Better is a dry morsel with quietness, than a house full of feasting with strife.
Proverbs 18: An unfriendly man pursues selfishness, and defies all sound judgment.
Proverbs 19: Better is the poor who walks in his integrity
Proverbs 20: Wine is a mocker, and beer is a brawler.
Proverbs 21: The king's heart is in the Lord's hand like the watercourses.
Proverbs 22: A good name is more desirable than great riches
Proverbs 23: When you sit to eat with a ruler, consider diligently what is before you;
Proverbs 24: Don't be envious of evil men; neither desire to be with them:
Proverbs 25: It is the glory of God to conceal a thing, but the glory of kings is to search out
Proverbs 26: Like snow in summer, and as rain in harvest, so honor is not fitting for a fool.
Proverbs 27: Don't boast about tomorrow; for you don't know what a day may bring forth.
Proverbs 28: The wicked flee when no one pursues; but the righteous are as bold as a lion.
Proverbs 29: He who is often rebuked and stiffens his neck will be destroyed suddenly
Proverbs 30: The words of Agur the son of Jakeh
Proverbs 31: King Lemuel: Who can find a worthy woman? For her price is far above rubies.
Ecclesiastes 1: "Vanity of vanities," says the Preacher; "Vanity of vanities, all is vanity."
Ecclesiastes 2: "Come now, I will test you with mirth: therefore enjoy pleasure;"
Ecclesiastes 3: For everything there is a season, and a time for every purpose under heaven
Ecclesiastes 4: Then I returned and saw all the oppressions that are done under the sun
Ecclesiastes 5: Guard your steps when you go to God's house
Ecclesiastes 6: There is an evil which I have seen under the sun, and it is heavy on men
Ecclesiastes 7: A good name is better than fine perfume
Ecclesiastes 8: "Keep the king's command!" because of the oath to God.
Ecclesiastes 9: All things come alike to all.
Ecclesiastes 10: So does a little folly outweigh wisdom and honor.
Ecclesiastes 11: Cast your bread on the waters; for you shall find it after many days.
Ecclesiastes 12: Remember also your Creator in the days of your youth
Songs 1: The Song of songs, which is Solomon's.
Songs 2: I am a rose of Sharon, a lily of the valleys
Songs 3: By night on my bed, I sought him whom my soul loves
Songs 4: Behold, you are beautiful, my love
Songs 5: I have come into my garden, my sister, my bride
Songs 6: Where has your beloved gone, you fairest among women?
Songs 7: How beautiful are your feet in sandals, prince's daughter!
Songs 8: Oh that you were like my brother
Isaiah 1: Israel's Rebellion and Zion's Corruption
Isaiah 2: The Coming of God's Kingdom and a Day of Judgment
Isaiah 3: Judgment on Leaders, the Wicked, and Judah's Women
Isaiah 4: A Remnant in Zion
Isaiah 5: Song of the Vineyard; Woe to the Wicked
Isaiah 6: Isaiah's Vision and Commission
Isaiah 7: War and Tribulation; The Coming of Immanuel
Isaiah 8: Uriah and Zechariah
Isaiah 9: Unto Us a Child Is Born; Judgments upon Israel
Isaiah 10: Judgment on Assyria; A Remnant to Return
Isaiah 11: The Root of Jesse
Isaiah 12: Joyful Thanksgiving
Isaiah 13: Prophecies against Babylon
Isaiah 14: God's Merciful Restoration of Israel; Judgment on Assyria and Philistia
Isaiah 15: Judgment on Moab
Isaiah 16: Prophecy of Calamity for Moab
Isaiah 17: Prophecy against Damascus
Isaiah 18: Prophecy against Ethiopia
Isaiah 19: The Burden of Egypt
Isaiah 20: Prophecy of Captivity for Egypt and Cush
Isaiah 21: Vision of the Fall of Babylon; Prophecies against Edom and Arabia
Isaiah 22: Prophecy about Jerusalem: The Valley of Vision
Isaiah 23: The Burden of Tyre
Isaiah 24: Devastation on the Earth
Isaiah 25: Song of Praise for God's Favor
Isaiah 26: Song of Praise for God's Protection
Isaiah 27: The Deliverance of Israel
Isaiah 28: Woe to Ephraim; Warning to Judah
Isaiah 29: Warning to David's City; Blessing to Follow Discipline
Isaiah 30: Warning against Refuge in Egypt; God's Grace
Isaiah 31: Danger of Trusting Egypt and Forsaking God
Isaiah 32: A King Shall Reign in Righteousness
Isaiah 33: God's Judgments against His Enemies
Isaiah 34: God's Judgments against the Nations
Isaiah 35: The Joyful Will Flourish in Zion
Isaiah 36: Sennacherib Invades Judah, Threatens Jerusalem
Isaiah 37: Hezekiah Mourns; Isaiah foretells Jerusalem's Deliverance; Hezekiah Prays and God Fulfills
Isaiah 38: Hezekiah's Illness and Healing
Isaiah 39: Hezekiah Reveals Treasures to Babylonians
Isaiah 40: Comfort, comfort my people
Isaiah 41: God's Promises to Israel
Isaiah 42: Behold, my servant, whom I have chosen; A Song of Praise; Israel's Blindness
Isaiah 43: Israel Redeemed; God's Mercy; Israel's Unfaithfulness
Isaiah 44: God's Blessings upon Israel; The Foolishness of Idolatry; God's Will for Jerusalem's Inhabitation
Isaiah 45: God Calls Cyrus
Isaiah 46: The Idols of Babylon
Isaiah 47: God's Judgment upon Babylon and Chaldea
Isaiah 48: Israel's Obstinacy and Deliverance
Isaiah 49: The Servant of the Lord; Restoration to Zion
Isaiah 50: Israel's Sin and God's Help for His Servant
Isaiah 51: Exhortation to Zion; Affliction and deliverance of Jerusalem foretold
Isaiah 52: Put on Your Strength, Zion; My Servant Shall Deal Wisely
Isaiah 53: The Suffering Servant: by his stripes we are healed
Isaiah 54: Future Glory of Zion
Isaiah 55: Come, everyone who thirsts, to the waters!
Isaiah 56: Keep justice, and do righteousness; for my salvation is near to come
Isaiah 57: The blessed death of the righteous; Leaders Rebuked; Comfort for the Contrite
Isaiah 58: True Fasting; Keeping the Sabbath
Isaiah 59: Your sins have separated you and your God
Isaiah 60: The Glory of Zion
Isaiah 61: The Spirit of the Lord is on me; The Year of the Lord's Favor
Isaiah 62: Zion's New Name
Isaiah 63: God's Vengeance and Redemption
Isaiah 64: Prayer for God's Mercy
Isaiah 65: Judgment; Salvation; New heavens and a New earth
Isaiah 66: Heaven is my throne, and the earth is my footstool; Rejoice with Jerusalem
Jeremiah 1: The Call of Jeremiah; Almond Rod and Boiling Pot
Jeremiah 2: Judah Forsakes God
Jeremiah 3: Judah as the Polluted Land; God's Great Mercy
Jeremiah 4: Judah's Devastation
Jeremiah 5: Jerusalem's Godlessness and Judgment
Jeremiah 6: Enemies Sent against Jerusalem
Jeremiah 7: Jeremiah's Message at the Temple Gate; Valley of Slaughter
Jeremiah 8: The Calamity of the Jews
Jeremiah 9: Jeremiah Laments over Zion
Jeremiah 10: The Lord Speaks on Idolatry and Coming Destruction; Jeremiah Prays
Jeremiah 11: Jeremiah Proclaims God's Covenant Is Broken; The Plot against Jeremiah
Jeremiah 12: Jeremiah's Complaint and God's Answer
Jeremiah 13: The Linen Belt and Wineskins; The Threat of Captivity
Jeremiah 14: Drought, Famine, False Prophets, Prayer for Mercy
Jeremiah 15: Rejection and Judgments to Come; Jeremiah's Prayer
Jeremiah 16: Disaster and Restoration Foretold
Jeremiah 17: The Sin of Judah; Keeping the Sabbath
Jeremiah 18: As the clay in the potter's hand, so are you in my hand
Jeremiah 19: The Broken Jar
Jeremiah 20: Pashhur Persecutes Jeremiah; Jeremiah Complains
Jeremiah 21: God Rejects Zedekiah's Request
Jeremiah 22: God Will Judge the Evil Kings of Judah
Jeremiah 23: I will restore to David a righteous Branch; False Prophets
Jeremiah 24: Two Baskets of Figs; Captives Will Return
Jeremiah 25: Jeremiah Prophesies Seventy Years of Captivity and Judgment on Babylon
Jeremiah 26: Jeremiah Threatened and Spared
Jeremiah 27: Judah Will Submit to Nebuchadnezzar
Jeremiah 28: Hananiah Falsely Prophesies the Return of the Vessels
Jeremiah 29: Jeremiah's Letter to the Exiles; Message to Shemaiah
Jeremiah 30: God Promises Deliverance from Captivity
Jeremiah 31: The Restoration of Israel; New Covenant
Jeremiah 32: Jeremiah Imprisoned by Zedekiah, Buys Hanamel's Field, Prays
Jeremiah 33: God Promises to the Captive a Gracious Return and David's Branch
Jeremiah 34: Jeremiah Prophesies the Captivity of Zedekiah; Freedom for Slaves
Jeremiah 35: By the Obedience of the Recabites, Jeremiah Rebukes Judah
Jeremiah 36: Jeremiah's Scroll Read in the Temple, Burned, and Replaced
Jeremiah 37: Jeremiah Warns against Trust in Pharaoh
Jeremiah 38: Jeremiah Thrown into the Dungeon of Malkijah
Jeremiah 39: Jerusalem Is Taken; Zedekiah and the People Captivated
Jeremiah 40: Jeremiah Set Free by Nebuzaradan, Remains in Judah
Jeremiah 41: Ishmael kills Gedaliah; Johanan Rescues the People
Jeremiah 42: Jeremiah Assures of Safety in Judea and Destruction in Egypt
Jeremiah 43: Johanan Disregards Prophecy, Takes People to Egypt; Jeremiah Warns
Jeremiah 44: Jeremiah Predicts Conquest of Egypt, Disaster in Judah
Jeremiah 45: Jeremiah Instructs and Comforts Baruch
Jeremiah 46: Jeremiah Prophesies the Overthrow of Pharaoh's Army at Euphrates
Jeremiah 47: Prophecy against the Philistines
Jeremiah 48: Prophecy against Moab
Jeremiah 49: Prophecies against Ammon, Edom, Damascus, Kedar and Hazor
Jeremiah 50: Prophecy against Babylon
Jeremiah 51: The Judgment of God against Babylon for Sins Against Israel
Jeremiah 52: The Fall of Jerusalem and Release or Jehoiachin
Lamentations 1: How lonely lies Zion, that was once full of people!
Lamentations 2: How the Lord has covered the daughter of Zion with the cloud of his anger!
Lamentations 3: Jeremiah Shares Israel's Affliction and Prays for Deliverance
Lamentations 4: The Distress of the Siege
Lamentations 5: Zion's Prayer for Mercy
Ezekiel 1: Ezekiel's Prophecy at Kebar; The Visions of Four Figures and Divine Glory
Ezekiel 2: Ezekiel's Calling and Instruction
Ezekiel 3: Ezekiel Eats the Scroll; Warning to Israel
Ezekiel 4: Siege of Jerusalem Foretold
Ezekiel 5: Jerusalem's Famine, Plague, Attack, and Dispersion Foretold
Ezekiel 6: The Judgment of Israel for Idolatry; Yet will I leave a remnant
Ezekiel 7: The End has Come to the Four Corners of the Land
Ezekiel 8: Ezekiel's Vision of Idolatry in the Temple
Ezekiel 9: The Vision of Slaughter of Idolaters
Ezekiel 10: Vision of God's Glory Departing from the Temple
Ezekiel 11: Evil Rulers to Be Judged; Israel's Promised Return
Ezekiel 12: Ezekiel Fears for Exile
Ezekiel 13: Reproof of False Prophets
Ezekiel 14: Idolaters Condemned; Judgment Is Imminent
Ezekiel 15: Jerusalem Is Like a Useless Branch
Ezekiel 16: Unfaithful Jerusalem and God's Grace
Ezekiel 17: Parable of Two Eagles and a Vine
Ezekiel 18: God Defends His Justice and Exhorts to Repentance
Ezekiel 19: Lament for the Princes of Israel: Parable of the Lion's Whelps
Ezekiel 20: God Refuses the Elders of Israel; Destruction and Restoration of Jerusalem
Ezekiel 21: Parable of the Sharp and Bright Sword
Ezekiel 22: A Catalogue of Sins in Jerusalem
Ezekiel 23: Oholah and Oholibah's Sin and Judgment
Ezekiel 24: Parable of the Boiling Pot; Ezekiel's Wife Dies
Ezekiel 25: God's Vengeance upon Ammon, Moab, Edom and Philistia
Ezekiel 26: Judgment on Tyre
Ezekiel 27: Lament for Tyre
Ezekiel 28: God's Judgment Upon Tyre and Sidon
Ezekiel 29: Prophecy against Egypt
Ezekiel 30: Lament for Egypt; Babylon Victorious
Ezekiel 31: Pharaoh Warned of Assyria's Fate: the Assyrian was a Cedar in Lebanon
Ezekiel 32: Lament over Pharaoh and Egypt
Ezekiel 33: Ezekiel the Watchman; News of Jerusalem's Capture
Ezekiel 34: Reproof of the Shepherds of Israel; Restoration
Ezekiel 35: The Judgment of Mount Seir for Their Hatred of Israel
Ezekiel 36: The Mountains of Israel Will Be Blessed
Ezekiel 37: Vision of the Valley of Dry Bones; Judah and Israel Reunified
Ezekiel 38: The Malice of Gog
Ezekiel 39: God's Judgment upon Gog and Israel's Victory
Ezekiel 40: New Temple Area: Gates, Courts, Rooms
Ezekiel 41: The Measures, Parts, Chambers, and Ornaments of the Inner Temple
Ezekiel 42: Chambers for the Priests
Ezekiel 43: The Returning of the Glory of God into the Temple; The Altar and Offerings
Ezekiel 44: The East Gate Assigned Only to the Prince; Ordinances for the Levites
Ezekiel 45: Portion of Land for the Sanctuary, the City, and for the Prince
Ezekiel 46: Ordinances for the Prince in His Worship
Ezekiel 47: Holy Water from the Temple; Boundaries Set
Ezekiel 48: Division of the Land: Priests, Prince, Tribes, Gates
Daniel 1: Ashpenaz Takes Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah to Babylon; They Refuse the King's Portion
Daniel 2: Daniel Interprets Nebuchadnezzar's Unspoken Dream
Daniel 3: Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego Refuse to Bow to Golden Image, Survive the Fiery Furnace
Daniel 4: Nebuchadnezzar's Confession of God's Kingdom; Daniel Interprets the Vision of a Great Tree
Daniel 5: Belshazzar's Impious Feast; Daniel Interprets the Handwriting on the Wall
Daniel 6: Daniel, under Darius, Refuses to Worship Idols; Survives the Lions' Den
Daniel 7: Daniel's Vision of the Four Beasts, the Ancient of Days, the Son of Man
Daniel 8: Daniel's Vision of the Ram and Goat
Daniel 9: Daniel's Prayer and Gabriel's Answer
Daniel 10: Daniel Terrified by a Vision, Comforted by the Angel
Daniel 11: Prophesy of the Overthrow of Persia, Conflicts between the Kings of the South and of the North; Roman Invasion
Daniel 12: Michael Shall Deliver Israel from Their Troubles
Hosea 1: Hosea Takes Gomer as Wife to Show Israel's Unfaithfulness
Hosea 2: Israel's Unfaithfulness Condemned; Reconciliation Promised
Hosea 3: Hosea Redeems His Wife to Show the Lord's Reconciliation to Israel
Hosea 4: God Pronounces Judgments for Israel's Sins
Hosea 5: Judgments against the Priests, People, and Princes for Their Manifold Sins
Hosea 6: Exhortations to Repent; Israel's Refusal
Hosea 7: Ephraim's Iniquity
Hosea 8: Israel Will Reap the Whirlwind
Hosea 9: The Distress and Captivity of Israel for Their Sins
Hosea 10: Retribution for Israel's Sin; Exhortation to Repentance
Hosea 11: The Ingratitude of Israel; God's Mercy; Israel's Sin and Judah's Infidelity
Hosea 12: Ephraim's Sins Provoke God
Hosea 13: Ephraim's Idolatry; God's Anger and Judgment
Hosea 14: Exhortation to Repentance and Promise of God's Blessing
Joel 1: The Word of the Lord to Joel: Locusts, Starvation and Drought; Call to Repentance
Joel 2: An Army of Locusts; Turn to Me with All Your Heart; The Day of the Lord's Spirit
Joel 3: The Nations Will Be Judged; Blessing upon Judah
Amos 1: The Words of Amos: God's Judgment on Syria, Philistia, Tyre, Edom, and Ammon
Amos 2: God's Judgments on Moab, Judah and Israel
Amos 3: The Necessity of God's Judgment; Testimony against Israel
Amos 4: Israel Has Not Returned to Me
Amos 5: Seek Me that You May Live
Amos 6: Woe to those at ease in Zion; Abhorrence of Israel's Pride
Amos 7: Amos' Visions of Locusts, Fire and a Plumb Line; Amos Accused by Amaziah
Amos 8: Basket of Fruit and Israel's Captivity
Amos 9: The Certainty of God's Judgment and Israel's Restoration
Obadiah 1: The Destruction of Edom; The Day of the Lord Is Near
Jonah 1: Jonah, Sent to Nineveh, but Flees to Tarshish; Thrown into the Sea and Swallowed by a Fish
Jonah 2: The Prayer and Deliverance of Jonah
Jonah 3: Jonah Preaches to the Ninevites; They Repent and God Relents
Jonah 4: God Rebukes Jonah for His Displeasure
Micah 1: The Word of the Lord to Micah: Destruction, Weeping and Mourning in Israel and Judah
Micah 2: Woe to Oppressors; Reproof of Injustice, Idolatry and False Prophets; Deliverance Promised
Micah 3: Princes and Prophets Denounced
Micah 4: The Glory and Peace of the Latter Days
Micah 5: Out of you, Bethlehem will come a King; Deliverence by His Hand
Micah 6: God's Punishment against Ingratitude, Ignorance, Injustice and Idolatry
Micah 7: Israel's Misery and Resurrection; I wait for the God of my salvation
Nahum 1: The Vision of Nahum: An Oracle about Nineveh; The Majesty of God
Nahum 2: The Armies of God Overthrow Nineveh
Nahum 3: The Miserable Ruin of Nineveh
Habakkuk 1: The Oracle to Habakkuk: Habakkuk's Complaints, Chaldeans Used to Punish Judah
Habakkuk 2: God Answers that Habakkuk Must Wait by Faith; The Judgment upon the Chaldeans
Habakkuk 3: Habakkuk, in his prayer, trembles at God's majesty; God's Deliverance
Zephaniah 1: The Word of the Lord to Zephaniah: God's Severe Judgments against Judah
Zephaniah 2: Judgments on Judah's Enemies: Philistia, Moab, Ammon, Cush and Assyria
Zephaniah 3: Woe to Jerusalem; The Remnant of Israel Will do no Iniquity
Haggai 1: The Word of the Lord by Haggai; Haggai Inspires Temple Building
Haggai 2: The Builders Encouraged to the Work by Promise of Greater Glory; God's promise to Zerubbabel
Zechariah 1: The Word of the Lord to Zechariah: The Vision of the Horses; Angel's Prayer; Four Horns and Four Craftsmen
Zechariah 2: The Angel with a Measuring Line; God Redeems Zion; the Promise of God's Presence
Zechariah 3: Joshua, the High Priest, Receiving Clean Garments; I will bring forth my servant, the Branch
Zechariah 4: The Gold Lampstand and the Two Olive Trees Foreshow Success of Zerubbabel's Foundation
Zechariah 5: The Flying Scroll; The Woman in a Basket
Zechariah 6: The Vision of the Four Chariots; The Symbolic Crowns of Joshua
Zechariah 7: Execute true judgment, and show kindness, instead of mere fasting
Zechariah 8: The Coming Restoration of Jerusalem; Encouragement to Build the Temple
Zechariah 9: Prophecies against Neighboring Nations; Rejoice, daughter of Zion, your King comes to you! 
Zechariah 10: God Will Bless Judah
Zechariah 11: The Two Shepherds: Feed the flock of slaughter
Zechariah 12: Jerusalem a Burdensome Stone to Her Adversaries: They will mourn the one they have pierced
Zechariah 13: The Fountain of Cleansing for Jerusalem; Strike the shepherd, and the sheep will be scattered
Zechariah 14: The Destroyers of Jerusalem Destroyed; The Lord shall be king over all the earth
Malachi 1: The Word of the Lord to Israel by Malach: I loved Jacob, but Esau I hated
Malachi 2: Priests Reproved for Neglecting Their Covenant; Judah's Unfaithfulness
Malachi 3: Behold, I send my messenger, and he will prepare the way before me; Robbery and Remembrance
Malachi 4: God's Final Judgment on the Wicked and Blessing on the Good
Matthew 1: The Genealogy, Conception and Birth of Jesus
Matthew 2: Visit of the Magi; Escape to Egypt; Slaughter of Infants; Return to Nazareth
Matthew 3: John Preaches Repentance and Baptizes Jesus in the Jordan
Matthew 4: The Temptation of Jesus; Jesus Begins to Preach, Calls First Disciples, Ministers in Galilee
Matthew 5: The Sermon on the Mount; Beatitudes; Salt; Law; Murder; Adultery; Divorce; Oaths; Enemies
Matthew 6: Giving to the Poor; Lord's Prayer; Fasting; Treasure in Heaven; Do Not Worry
Matthew 7: Do Not Judge; Ask; Seek; Knock; Golden Rule; Narrow Gate; Good Fruit; Foundation on Rock
Matthew 8: Jesus Heals Leper; Centurion's Servant; Peter's Mother-in-Law; Cost of Discipleship; Rebuking the Storm; Demons into Pigs
Matthew 9: Jesus Heals a Paralytic, Calls Matthew and Heals; the Workers are Few
Matthew 10: Christ Sends out His Twelve Apostles, enabling them with power to do miracles
Matthew 11: John's Disciples and Jesus' Tribute; Woe to Unrepentant Cities; Rest for the Weary
Matthew 12: The Son of Man is Lord of the Sabbath; By Their Fruit; Sign of Jonah; Who are my Mother and Brothers?
Matthew 13: Parables of the Sower; Weeds among Wheat; Mustard Seed; Yeast; Treasure; Pearls; Net; Prophet without Honor
Matthew 14: John the Baptist Beheaded; Jesus Feeds Five Thousand, Walks on Water
Matthew 15: Clean and Unclean; Jesus Heals the Canaanite Woman's Daughter, Feeds Four Thousand
Matthew 16: Pharisees Demand a Sign; Peter's Confession of Christ; Jesus Foretells His Death and Rebukes Peter
Matthew 17: The Transfiguration of Christ; Healing a Boy with a Demon; Paying the Temple Tax
Matthew 18: Greatest and Least in the Kingdom; Parables of the Lost Sheep, Brother who sins, Unmerciful Servant
Matthew 19: Divorce; Jesus and the Little Children; the Rich Young Ruler
Matthew 20: Parable of the Vineyard Workers; Jesus Foretells His Death and Resurrection, Heals Two Blind Men
Matthew 21: The Triumphal Entry; Moneychangers; Withered Fig Tree; Jesus' Authority; Parables of the Two Sons, Landowner
Matthew 22: Parable of the Wedding Banquet; Render to Caesar; the Greatest Commandment; Sadducees Question Jesus
Matthew 23: Woes Pronounced on Pharisees; Lament over Jerusalem
Matthew 24: Christ Foretells the Destruction of the Temple and His Glorious Return
Matthew 25: Parables of Ten Virgins, Talents, Sheep and Goats
Matthew 26: Plot to Kill Jesus; Jesus Anointed at Bethany; Last Supper; Judas' Betrayal; Jesus before Caiaphas; Peter Disowns Jesus
Matthew 27: Judas Hangs Himself; Jesus' Trial, Crucifixion and Burial
Matthew 28: Christ's Resurrection; The Guards' Report; The Great Commission
Mark 1: John the Baptist Preaches, Baptizes Jesus; Jesus Tempted, Calls First Disciples, Preaches, Heals and Prays in Galilee
Mark 2: Jesus Heals a Paralytic, Calls Matthew; Fasting; Lord of the Sabbath
Mark 3: Jesus Heals on the Sabbath, Chooses the Twelve, discusses Beelzebub, Mother and Brothers
Mark 4: Parables of the Sower, Lamp on a Stand, Seed Growing Secretly, Mustard Seed; Jesus Calms the Sea
Mark 5: Jesus Sends the Demons into the Pigs, Heals the Woman with Bleeding, Raises Jairus' Daughter
Mark 6: Jesus at Nazareth; Sending out the Twelve; John Beheaded; Jesus Feeds Five Thousand, Walks on Water, Heals
Mark 7: Clean and Unclean; the Heart of Man; Healing of a Syrophoenician Woman and a Deaf Mute Man
Mark 8: Jesus Feeds the Four Thousand, Heals a Blind Man at Bethsaida; Peter's Confession of Christ
Mark 9: Jesus is Transfigured, Heals a Boy with an Evil Spirit; Who Is the Greatest; Do Not Cause to Sin
Mark 10: Divorce; Let the little children; Rich Young Ruler; Jesus Predicts His Death; James and John's Request; Blind Bart
Mark 11: The Triumphal Entry; the Money Changers; the Withered Fig Tree; Jesus' Authority
Mark 12: The Parable of the Tenants; Render to Caesar; Marriage at the Resurrection; Greatest Commandment; Widow's Offering
Mark 13: Christ Foretells the Destruction of the Temple and His Return; Day and Hour Unknown
Mark 14: Jesus Anointed; Last Supper; Gethsemane; Judas Betrays Jesus; Jesus before the Sanhedrin, disowned by Peter
Mark 15: Jesus before Pilate; Mocked by Soldiers; Crucifixion; Burial
Mark 16: The Resurrection; Christ Commissions the Disciples
Luke 1: Introduction; John's and Jesus' Birth Foretold; Mary's Song; Zachariah's Prophecy
Luke 2: Jesus' Birth; Announcement by Angels; Presentation at the Temple; Return to Nazareth; The Boy Jesus Visits the Temple
Luke 3: John the Baptist Preaches and Baptizes Jesus; Genealogy of Jesus
Luke 4: Jesus' Temptation; Rejection at Nazareth; Public Ministry; Healings
Luke 5: Jesus Calls First Disciples, Heals the Leper and Paralytic, Calls Matthew, Questioned about Fasting
Luke 6: Lord of the Sabbath; The Twelve Apostles; Beatitudes; Love for Enemies; Do not Judge; Tree and Fruits; House on the Rock
Luke 7: Jesus Heals a Centurion's Servant, Raises a Widow's Son, answer John's messengers; Mary Anoints Jesus
Luke 8: Parables of the Sower and Lamp; Jesus Calms the Storm, Heals the Demoniac, Raises a Dead Girl
Luke 9: Jesus Sends out the Twelve, Feeds 5000, Heals a Boy; Transfiguration; Cost of Following Jesus
Luke 10: Jesus Sends out the Seventy-two; Good Samaritan; Martha and Mary's House
Luke 11: Instruction about Prayer; Casting out Demons; the Sign of Jonah; Woes upon Pharisees
Luke 12: God Knows All; Parable of the Rich Fool; Anxiety; Watchfulness
Luke 13: Call to Repent; Healing on the Sabbath; Parables of the Mustard Seed and the Yeast; Enter by the Narrow Door
Luke 14: Jesus Heals Again on the Sabbath; Parable of the Banquet; Cost of Discipleship
Luke 15: Parables of the Lost Sheep, Lost Coin, and Prodigal Son
Luke 16: The Parables of the Shrewd Manager, and the Rich Man and Lazarus
Luke 17: Forgiveness and Faith; Cleansing of the Ten Lepers; Second Coming Foretold
Luke 18: Parables of the Persistent Widow, Pharisee and Tax Collector; The Rich Young Ruler; The Healing of a Blind Beggar
Luke 19: Zacchaeus Converted; Parable of the Ten Minas; Triumphal Entry; Driving Traders from Temple
Luke 20: Jesus' Authority; Parable of the Tenants; Give to Caesar; Marriage at the Resurrection
Luke 21: The Widow's Gift; Signs of the End of the Age
Luke 22: Preparing the Passover; Jesus Arrested, Disowned by Peter
Luke 23: Jesus before Pilate and Herod; Jesus' Crucifixion and Burial
Luke 24: The Resurrection; Road to Emmaus; Appearances to disciples, Ascension
John 1: In the beginning was the Word; The Testimony of John; Jesus calls Simon and Andrew, Philip and Nathanael
John 2: Wedding at Cana; Jesus Clears the Temple
John 3: Jesus Teaches Nicodemus: You Must be Born Again; John's Testimony about Jesus
John 4: Jesus Testifies to the Samaritan Woman and Townspeople, Heals an Official's Son
John 5: The Pool of Bethesda; Testimony about Christ
John 6: Jesus Feeds Five Thousand, Walks on Water; "I am the Resurrection"; Many Desert Jesus; Peter Confesses Christ
John 7: Jesus Teaches at the Feast of Tabernacles; Diverse Opinions of Him among the People
John 8: The Woman Caught in Adultery; Jesus the Light of the World; The truth will set you free
John 9: Jesus Heals a Blind Man; Pharisees Question His Authority; Jesus Affirms He Is the Son of God
John 10: Parable of the Good Shepherd; Belief and Unbelief of the Jews
John 11: Jesus Comforts Martha and Mary, Raises Lazarus; The Plot to Kill Jesus
John 12: Jesus Anointed at Bethany; Enters Jerusalem; Sought by Greeks; Foretells His Death
John 13: Jesus Washes His Disciples' Feet, Predicts His Betrayal and Peter's Denial
John 14: Jesus Comforts His Disciples; "I am the way, the truth, and the life"; The Promise of the Holy Spirit
John 15: I am the vine and you are the Branches; If the world hates you remember it hated me first
John 16: Jesus Promises the Holy Spirit, Foretells His Death and Resurrection
John 17: Jesus Prays for Himself, His Disciples and all Believers
John 18: Judas Betrays Jesus; Peter Denies Him; Jesus Questioned by Annas and Pilate
John 19: The Crown of Thorns; Jesus' Crucifixion and Burial
John 20: The Empty Tomb; Jesus Appears to Mary Magdalene, His Disciples and Thomas
John 21: The Miraculous Catch at the Sea of Galilee; "Feed my Sheep"
Acts 1: The Ascension; Matthias Chosen by Lot
Acts 2: The Holy Spirit Comes at Pentecost, Peter Preaches, Believers Gather
Acts 3: Peter Heals the Lame Beggar, Speaks to Onlookers
Acts 4: Peter and John Arrested and Released; Believers Share All
Acts 5: Deaths of Ananias and Sapphira; Apostles Imprisoned, Released by an Angel; Gamaliel Speaks
Acts 6: The Seven Chosen; Stephen Seized
Acts 7: Stephen's Speech, Stoning and Death
Acts 8: Saul Persecutes the Church; Philip in Samaria; Simon the Sorcerer; the Ethiopian
Acts 9: Saul's Conversion; Ananias; Saul Begins to Preach; Aeneas and Dorcas
Acts 10: Cornelius' and Peter's Visions; Peter Preaches to the Gentiles
Acts 11: Peter's Defense in Jerusalem; The Church at Antioch
Acts 12: Peter Led from Prison by the Angel; Herod's Death
Acts 13: Church Sends Barnabas and Saul on First Missionary Journey; Cyprus; Pisidian Antioch
Acts 14: Paul and Barnabas in Iconium, Lystra, Derbe and Syrian Antioch
Acts 15: The Council at Jerusalem; James' Support; Barnabas and Paul Part Ways; Second Missionary Journey begins
Acts 16: Timothy Joins Paul and Silas; Paul's Vision of a Macedonian; Lydia; Conversion of the Philippian Jailer
Acts 17: Paul at Thessalonica, Berea and Athens
Acts 18: Paul in Corinth; Third Missionary Journey begins
Acts 19: Miracles, Preaching and Riot in Ephesus
Acts 20: Paul in Macedonia and Greece; Eutychus Raised; Paul's Farewell to Ephesian Elders
Acts 21: Paul Sails from Miletus to Jerusalem, Seized in the Temple
Acts 22: Paul's Defense to the Crowd
Acts 23: Paul before the Sanhedrin; Warned of Plot; Transferred to Caesarea
Acts 24: The Trial Before Felix
Acts 25: The Trial Before Festus, King Agrippa
Acts 26: Paul's Defense Before Agrippa
Acts 27: Paul Sails for Rome; Storm and Shipwreck
Acts 28: Paul Ashore at Malta; Preaches at Rome
Romans 1: Paul Longs to Visit Rome; Consequences of Sin
Romans 2: God's Just Judgment; The Jews and the Law
Romans 3: All Have Sinned and are Justified by faith
Romans 4: Abraham's Faith Credited as Righteousness
Romans 5: Peace with God; Joy in Our Hope; Through Christ Many Will Live
Romans 6: The wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life
Romans 7: No Law has Power; Conflict with the Sinful Nature
Romans 8: No Condemnation for those in Christ Jesus; We Are More than Conquerors
Romans 9: Paul's Sorrow for Israel's Unbelief
Romans 10: Whoever calls on the name of the Lord will be saved
Romans 11: The Remnant Chosen by Grace; Ingrafted Branches; All Israel Will Be Saved
Romans 12: Offering yourselves as Living Sacrifices; Revenge forbidden
Romans 13: Submit to the Authorities; Love fulfills the Law
Romans 14: Principles of Conscience for The Weak and the Strong in Faith
Romans 15: We who are strong ought to bear the weaknesses of the weak; Paul Plans to Visit Rome
Romans 16: Greetings and Love
1 Corinthians 1: Greetings and Thanksgiving; Exhortation to Unity; We preach Christ crucified
1 Corinthians 2: Reliance upon the Holy Spirit
1 Corinthians 3: Christ as the Foundation; Rebuke for Divisions
1 Corinthians 4: Apostles Are Servants of Christ
1 Corinthians 5: Expel the Wicked Man
1 Corinthians 6: Lawsuits between Believers; Honor God with Your Body
1 Corinthians 7: Paul's Instructions on Marriage
1 Corinthians 8: Take Care with your Freedom in Christ
1 Corinthians 9: The Rights of an Apostle
1 Corinthians 10: Warning to Avoid Israel's Fate and flee from Idolatry; Freedom of believers
1 Corinthians 11: Reverence in Worship; The Lord's Supper
1 Corinthians 12: Spiritual Gifts; One Body Made Up of Many Parts
1 Corinthians 13: The Greatest of these is Love
1 Corinthians 14: Prophecy and Tongues; Orderly Worship
1 Corinthians 15: The Resurrection of Christ, the Dead and the Body
1 Corinthians 16: Gifts, Requests and Greetings
2 Corinthians 1: God Comforts All; Paul's Change in Plans
2 Corinthians 2: Reaffirm Your Love for the Sinner; We speak in Christ 
2 Corinthians 3: Ministers and Glory of the New Covenant
2 Corinthians 4: Treasures in Jars of Clay
2 Corinthians 5: Walk by Faith, and Not Sight; Christ's Love Compels us to Ministry
2 Corinthians 6: Paul's Sufferings; Do Not be Unequally Yoked
2 Corinthians 7: We have opened our hearts to you; Godly Sorrow Brings Repentance
2 Corinthians 8: Great Generosity; Titus Sent to Corinth
2 Corinthians 9: Thanks be to God for his unspeakable gift; Those who Sow Generously will Reap Generously
2 Corinthians 10: Paul Defends His Ministry
2 Corinthians 11: Paul Defends His Apostleship; Paul's Sufferings
2 Corinthians 12: Paul's Vision, Thorn, and Concern for Corinthians
2 Corinthians 13: Test yourselves to see whether you are in the faith; Final Greetings
Galatians 1: Introduction; Galatians Deserting the Gospel; Paul's Ministry
Galatians 2: Paul at Jerusalem; Dispute with Peter
Galatians 3: Abraham's Faith Credited as Righteousness; Purpose of the Law
Galatians 4: We are not children of the handmaid, but of the free woman
Galatians 5: Standing Firm; Walking by the Spirit
Galatians 6: Bearing One Another's Burdens; Becoming a New Creation
Ephesians 1: Thanksgiving for the Ephesians; Election and Adoption by Grace
Ephesians 2: You Were Made Alive and One in Christ
Ephesians 3: Paul's Hopes and Prayers for the Ephesians 
Ephesians 4: Unity in the Spirit; Life as Children of Light
Ephesians 5: Be Imitators of God; Love and Respect between Husbands and Wives
Ephesians 6: Children, Parents, Slaves, Masters; the Full Armor of God
Philippians 1: Paul's Thankfulness to God and His Love towards the Philippians; Christ Is Preached; To live is Christ
Philippians 2: Your Attitude Should be that of Christ; Becoming Blameless and Pure; Timothy and Epaphroditus
Philippians 3: Pressing on toward the Mark
Philippians 4: Whatever is true and right, think on these things; I can do all things through Christ
Colossians 1: Thankfulness and Prayers for the Colossians; Christ Is the Image of God
Colossians 2: The Fullness of God Dwells in Christ and Gives Us Freedom
Colossians 3: Put On the New Self; Instructions for Christian Families
Colossians 4: Let Your Conversation be Full of Grace; Final Greetings
1 Thessalonians 1: Thanksgiving for the Thessalonians
1 Thessalonians 2: Paul's Ministry and Longing to See the Thessalonians
1 Thessalonians 3: Encouragement from Timothy's Report
1 Thessalonians 4: Live to Please God; The Dead in Christ Brought with His Second Coming
1 Thessalonians 5: The day of the Lord; Respect, Love, Peace, Encouragement, Patience, Kindness and Joy
2 Thessalonians 1: Thanksgiving for Faith, Love, and Patience
2 Thessalonians 2: Standing Firm in the Faith
2 Thessalonians 3: Paul's Prayers, Confidence and Warnings for the Thessalonians
1 Timothy 1: Warning against False Teachers; the Grace Given Paul
1 Timothy 2: Instructions on Petitions, Prayers, and Intercessions; Instructions to Women
1 Timothy 3: Bishops and Deacons
1 Timothy 4: Some Will Abandon the Faith
1 Timothy 5: Honoring Widows and Elders
1 Timothy 6: Respect for Masters; Love of money; Charge to Timothy
2 Timothy 1: Paul's Charge and Encouragement to Timothy
2 Timothy 2: Timothy Exhorted to be Strong, Persevering and Unashamed
2 Timothy 3: Godless Times Will Come
2 Timothy 4: Timothy Encouraged to Preach the Word; Final Remarks
Titus 1: Paul Greets Titus and Reiterates His Task on Crete
Titus 2: Roles of the Old, Young, Servants
Titus 3: Godly Living; Final Remarks
Philemon 1: Paul's Thankfulness for Philemon's Faithfulness; Paul's Plea for Onesimus
Hebrews 1: Jesus is Superior to Angels
Hebrews 2: Pay Attention; The Author of Salvation Perfected in Sufferings
Hebrews 3: Jesus Our High Priest; Danger in Unbelief
Hebrews 4: The Sabbath-Rest; Jesus the Great High Priest
Hebrews 5: The Perfect High Priest
Hebrews 6: Warning against Falling Away; Hope in Christ as an Anchor for the Soul
Hebrews 7: Jesus' Priesthood Like Melchizedek's
Hebrews 8: Jesus the High Priest of a New Covenant
Hebrews 9: Christ has Entered into the Holy Place Once for All
Hebrews 10: Christ's One Sacrifice is Sufficient for All Time; Perseverance
Hebrews 11: Hall of Fame of Faith
Hebrews 12: Fatherly Discipline; A Kingdom that Cannot be Shaken
Hebrews 13: Concluding Exhortations; Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
James 1: Trials and Temptations; Be Doers of the Word, and Not Hearers Only
James 2: The Sin of Favoritism; Faith and Deeds
James 3: Taming the Tongue; the Wisdom from above
James 4: Submit to God; Resist the Devil; the Lord's Will
James 5: Misuse of Riches; Patience; The Prayer Offered in Faith
1 Peter 1: Peter Praises God for His Manifold Grace; Be Holy, for I Am Holy
1 Peter 2: Put away Wickedness; You Are Like Living Stones; Submit to Authority; Follow Christ's Example
1 Peter 3: Wives and Husbands; It is Better to Suffer for Doing Good
1 Peter 4: Living for Christ and Partaking in His Sufferings
1 Peter 5: Elders to Feed Their Flocks; the Young to Obey
2 Peter 1: By Faith and Works, Make Your Calling Sure; Eyewitness of the Apostles and Prophets
2 Peter 2: False Prophets
2 Peter 3: The Day of the Lord; A New Heaven and Earth
1 John 1: The Word of Life; God Is Light
1 John 2: Christ 's Comfort; Keep His Commandments; Do Not Love the World; Beware of Antichrists
1 John 3: He laid down his life for us. And we ought to lay down our lives for the brothers.
1 John 4: Testing the Spirits; Love One Another, for Love Is of God;
1 John 5: He Who Has the Son Has the Life; Final Remarks
2 John 1: Persevere in faith and love; Have nothing to do with evil
3 John 1: Walk according to God's commandments and Imitate What Is Good
Jude 1: Warnings to the Ungodly; Call to Persevere and Grow in Grace
Revelation 1: John's Greeting to the Seven Churches and Vision on Patmos
Revelation 2: Messages to the Churches in Ephesus, Smyrna, Pergamum and Thyatira
Revelation 3: Messages to the Churches in Sardis, Philadelphia, and Laodicea
Revelation 4: The Thrones and Elders in Heaven: Worthy are you, our Lord and God
Revelation 5: The Scroll with Seven Seals; Worthy is the Lamb
Revelation 6: The First Six Seals
Revelation 7: The 144,000 Sealed; the Multitude in White Robes
Revelation 8: The Seventh Seal: Seven Angels with Seven Trumpets
Revelation 9: The Bottomless Pit and the Army from the East
Revelation 10: The Angel and the Small Scroll
Revelation 11: Two Witnesses Prophesy; The Seventh Trumpet
Revelation 12: The Woman, The Dragon, The Male Child, The Angel
Revelation 13: The Beasts from the Sea and from the Earth
Revelation 14: The Lamb and the 144,000; The Three Angels; The Reapers
Revelation 15: The Seven Angels with the Seven Last Plagues
Revelation 16: The Seven Bowls of God's Wrath; Armageddon
Revelation 17: The Woman on the Beast; Babylon is doomed; Victory for the Lamb
Revelation 18: Babylon Is Fallen; Lament over Her
Revelation 19: The Four Hallelujah's; Christ the Rider on the White Horse
Revelation 20: Satan Bound for a Thousand Years; The Judgment
Revelation 21: The New Heaven and Earth; The New Jerusalem
Revelation 22: The River and Tree of Life; Christ Is Coming; Nothing may be added to the word of God